Copyright © 2024 Chris Marchesi

This Source Code is subject to the terms of the Mozilla Public License, v.2.0.
You should have received a copy of the MPL along with this library in the file
COPYING. If a copy of the MPL was not distributed with this file, You can
obtain one at https://mozilla.org/MPL/2.0/.

---

Portions of this code, where noted, have been derived and adapted from the
Cairo project (https://www.cairographics.org/), used under the terms of Mozilla
Public License (MPL) 1.1, and re-distributed under the terms of the MPL 2.0.
The following statement applies to Cairo-covered code.

Copyright © 2024 Chris Marchesi
Copyright © 2002 University of Southern California

This Source Code is subject to the terms of the Mozilla Public License, v.2.0.
You should have received a copy of the MPL along with this library in the file
COPYING. If a copy of the MPL was not distributed with this file, You can
obtain one at https://mozilla.org/MPL/2.0/.

---

Portions of this code, where noted, have been derived and adapted from
reference materials from the World Wide Web Consortium (W3C), used under the
terms of the W3C Software and Document license. Below is a copy of the license
notice.

By obtaining and/or copying this work, you (the licensee) agree that you have
read, understood, and will comply with the following terms and conditions.

Permission to copy, modify, and distribute this work, with or without
modification, for any purpose and without fee or royalty is hereby granted,
provided that you include the following on ALL copies of the work or portions
thereof, including modifications:

- The full text of this NOTICE in a location viewable to users of the
  redistributed or derivative work.
- Any pre-existing intellectual property disclaimers, notices, or terms and
  conditions. If none exist, the W3C software and document short notice should
  be included.
- Notice of any changes or modifications, through a copyright statement on the
  new code or document such as "This software or document includes material
  copied from or derived from [title and URI of the W3C document]. Copyright ©
  [$year-of-document] World Wide Web Consortium.
  https://www.w3.org/copyright/software-license-2023/"

The short notice follows (year is noted in cited works):

Copyright © World Wide Web Consortium. All Rights Reserved. This work is
distributed under the W3C® Software and Document License [1] in the hope that
it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty
of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

    [1] https://www.w3.org/Consortium/Legal/copyright-software

---

The acceptance tests in the "spec" directory (unless otherwise specified) are
licensed 0BSD to allow the unambiguous free use of this code in assisting the
integration of z2d.

Below is the license text of the 0BSD license.

BSD Zero Clause License

Copyright © 2024 by Chris Marchesi

Permission to use, copy, modify, and/or distribute this software for any
purpose with or without fee is hereby granted.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND THE AUTHOR DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH
REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND
FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, DIRECT,
INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM
LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR
OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR
PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.
